Of course.
Come and take down Zhao Daguang
Whip 20 away
Ruolan apologizes
Don't want the village chief's uniform, don't you want it?
village chief
Ruolan don't do that
Our two families are relatives after all
I'm your uncle
These are just our moments of confusion
You don't pay my dad
Humiliate my dad
That's when my dad died
Have you considered that we are relatives?
Zhao Wanglong made me Huang Yao to ruin my reputation
When I was innocent
Have you considered that we are a family?
And Bilaine Wu
He was yelling at me.
When you humiliate me wantonly
Have you considered that we are a family?
Forget it, kid
Let him go
After all, we're all from the same root.
A villager
Dad, this can't just go away
If it weren't for the richest horse today
We don't know how we will be bullied
Shameless thing
Ma Shoufu's congratulatory gift is not a bargain for you